Our project is aimed at the electronic signature market and is a SaaS provider with a focus on electronic signatures, complemented by blockchain third party storage. Our project will be available on IOS, Android and PC, below I will show you our PC operation. Our PC terminal is based on Html+JS+PHP+JAVAWEB. The first step is to enter our server's public IP address: "http://139.196.46.139/" into the address box, where you can see our services and information about our company on the homepage. 
The second step is to register or login, after registration you will receive an activation link from us to your email address, this system is based on the PHP email class.
The third step is to log in, then click on the signature tab, we will enter the signature service, we provide you with templates for IOUs, contracts, receipts, you can also provide your own templates, and in this demo we will sign the rental contract. Fill in the details you have agreed with the landlord below and sign.
On this page you can see the option to download the unsigned contract and sign it, click on sign and sign your name, then send the link to the other party to sign and click on generate, this time the system will automatically generate your signed contract on the server using the PHP word class and enter the JAVAWEB based IPFS upload page, here select your contract to upload and generate the hash Now your contract will be permanently stored on the internet. Click on Download to see your signed contract here. This is all we have done.
##Please do not use the email address provided by exeter when trying to register, as this will not activate properly.
*************
Here is our flowchart which I have uploaded to the IPFS network.:https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmTWmVSfN1YEwbBKhxc5amWERVR86dXznZAhy7PcPzcGmi?filename=flowchart.jpg

